chore(website): add September newsletter (#2700)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/blog/2022-09-23-paste-newsletter.mdx

hard to miss inside of the Callout component! Don&apos;t forget to set its heading level according
to the outline of your page for the best user experience.

<Paragraph>
  <Anchor href="/components/callout">Check out the Callout docs</Anchor>
</Paragraph>

#### Minimizable Dialog

![](/images/gifs-2022-09-23-paste-newsletter/minimizable-dialog-example.gif)

As part of our Conversations UI kit, we&apos;ve added the Minimizable Dialog component.
Its power lies in its flexibility; use it with a static button, a floating button, or use its included state hook
for full control of its internal state. Making a chat log has never been easier with Paste.

<Paragraph>
  <Anchor href="/components/minimizable-dialog">Check out the Minimizable Dialog docs</Anchor>
</Paragraph>

#### 42 new icons, including a full suite of contact center icons!

![](../../assets/images/articles/2022-09-23-paste-newsletter/new-icons-example.png)

We&apos;ve got new icons! A full suite of contact center icons and more are now available.
Thanks to <strong>Fazle Jahangir, Isabela Razetti,</strong> and <strong>Porlin Chin</strong> for their close collaboration on these icons.

> <br />

Reviewer: todo: remove this br

Author: @serifluous I see you, but I'd like to push back on doing this in this PR. It's a layout thing as opposed to something wrong with the content, and we've delayed the newsletter rollout already from the email restrictions. I'd rather fix this is another PR on the queue.

*View the full list at the end of this newsletter.

<Paragraph>
  <Anchor href="/components/icons">Search through our icons list</Anchor>

> </Paragraph>

Reviewer: suggestion: Swap this to

`[View the full list of new icons](link to the list at the bottom of page) and [search through our full icons list](/components/icons)`

Table and Data Grid components are now available! Use this functionality to make perusing data easier,
especially on mobile viewports. Thanks Mark! 🎉

<Paragraph>
  <Anchor href="/components/table#table-with-sticky-header">Check out sticky headers in the docs</Anchor>
</Paragraph>

### Additional updates

#### New

- [Syntax Highlighter Library](https://github.com/twilio-labs/paste/tree/main/packages/paste-libraries/syntax-highlighter)

#### Improvements

- [Help text variants: warning and success](/components/help-text#warning-help-text)
- [Menu: destructive variant for menu item](/components/menu#composing-menu-items)
- [Refreshed styling for Combobox and Select chevron](/components/select)

## 📈 Paste by numbers!

<Table>
  <THead>
    <Tr>
      <Th>Components we support</Th>
      <Th>Repositories using Paste</Th>
      <Th>Component instances in production</Th>
    </Tr>
  </THead>
  <TBody>
    <Tr>
      <Td>
        <strong>48</strong>
      </Td>
      <Td>
        <strong>148</strong>
      </Td>
      <Td>
        <strong>148</strong>
      </Td>
    </Tr>
  </TBody>
</Table>

<Box marginBottom="space120" />

## 💬 Customer insights

> The Design Systems team keeps a pulse on Paste users with our [annual CSAT survey](https://airtable.com/appiDf1K8tPC1fPoJ/pagAqvPc6EWGFAzYO) annual CSAT survey.

Reviewer: todo: remove "annual CSAT survey"

        also released circular button sizes and the minimizable dialog component in code.
      </Td>
    </Tr>
    <Tr>
      <Td>
        <strong>Paste goes international</strong>
      </Td>
      <Td>
        ✅ Done: Paste now fully supports Twilio’s internationalization efforts for Q1. Paste components are capable of
        supporting translated content and do not rely on any hard-coded strings.
      </Td>
    </Tr>
  </TBody>
</Table>

<Box marginBottom="space120" />

For more information, check out [our full BPM document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ok5cPj0JyysD5ukBXMbsyIVIdipw1tARzFiGTwGL-W4/edit?usp=sharing).

## 👀 What's next

<Table>
  <THead>
    <Tr>
      <Th>Feature</Th>
      <Th>Description</Th>
    </Tr>
  </THead>
  <TBody>
    <Tr>
      <Td>
        <strong>Multi-select Combobox and Combobox refined</strong>
      </Td>
      <Td>
        Improvements to the existing <Anchor href="/components/combobox">combobox</Anchor> component, with a design
        refresh and added functionality to select multiple items.
      </Td>
    </Tr>
    <Tr>
      <Td>

>         <strong>Avatar component, Square variant</strong>
>       </Td>
>       <Td>A new variant for the Avatar Component that creates a square shape.</Td>

Reviewer 2: question: do you mind if we update this copy to saying `entity` variant? I took a v quick stab at the copy but feel free to change it up however

```suggestion
        <strong>Avatar component, entity variant</strong>
      </Td>
      <Td>A new variant for the Avatar Component for entities, like a business.</Td>
```
